What is the price of one night stay in basic suite?

What time is breakfast served?

What is the breakfast menu?

What is the history behind this hotel or establishment?

How many rooms are there in this hotel?

What are the types of rooms or suites offered by the hotel?

What is the name of the hotel?

Is room service served 24 hours?

How do I call for room service?

Are there any restaurants in the hotel?

How many floors are there in the hotel?

What is the price of one night stay at the mid-level suite?

What is the price of one night stay at the premium suite?

Do you have tuxedo services?

Do you have a laundry service?

What time do the restaurants open for dinner?

What are the near by tourist attractions?

Is there a spa in the hotel?

Is there anywhere I can get a massage?

What time is the check in?

What time is the check out?

Do you offer handicapped rooms?

Is parking available at the hotel?

Can I reserve a parking lot?

What are the reception opening hours?

Can I also book breakfast online and what is the cost?

Is it possible to book spa treatments online?

Can I book tea time online?

Can I bring my pet?

Are the rates per person or per room?

Why do the costs vary from day to day?

Can I book two rooms of different categories?

Can I book two rooms with different occupancy?

Is Wi-Fi available at the hotel/in the room?

Which size are the rooms?

Can I reserve a table in a restaurant?

Do you offer non-smoking rooms?

Do you offer child rates?

Can I use the spa area even if I am not staying in your hotel?

Can I use the spa area after checking out?

Do you offer hotel shuttles, for example, to the next airport or train station?

Can I have breakfast/dinner even if I am not staying in your hotel?

Are special requests, such as gluten-free meals or feather-free pillows, manageable?

I have bought a Groupon-voucher, how can I redeem it in your hotel?

Where can I get a copy of my invoice after departure?

What should I do, if I lost or forgot something in my room?

