200$ per night is the price for a basic suite.

Breakfast is served from 7 AM to 10 AM.

The breakfast menu is decided as per the head chefs decision on the night before; kindly contact hotel staff for information about the menu on the night before. 

The Vance Hotel is a singular establishment designed and constructed by Lindsey Vance in 1949; it has hosted many dignitaries and government officials over the years.

There are 43 rooms in this hotel including one pent house suite.

We offer 4 types of rooms: basic, mid-level, premium and penthouse.

This hotel is called Vance Hotel.

Yes, room service is available 24 hrs.

To call room service, please dial '0' using the phone in your room.

Yes we have one restaurant currently called 'Rouge'.

There are 12 floors in the hotel.

300$ per night is the standard price for a mid-level suite.

500$ per night is the price for a premium suite.

Yes, we have tuxedo services available at the reception.

Yes, we have a laundry service at the reception.

'Rouge' is open for dinner at 7pm.

There is a waterfall 200 meters east from the hotel, and we offer taxi services for such destinations and more.

Yes, we do have a spa; however, it is closed from 7pm onwards.

Yes, we do have massage packages inside our hotel.

Check in is at anytime between 10am and 1pm.

Check out is at anytime between 4pm and 6pm.

Yes, we do.

Yes.

For parking lot reservations, there is a surcharge depending on fixed rates; please ask at the reception for more information.

Our reception is open 24 hours.

No, you cannot book breakfast online.

No, you cannot book the spa online.

No, you cannot book that online.

Yes, we do have the facilities to take care of pets and support them.

Rates are per room.

The rates may vary as per availability and demand.

Yes.

Yes.

Yes.

There are 4 main sizes available:  basic, mid-level, premium and penthouse.

Yes, for table reservations please contact the reception through the phone.

Yes, we do.

We do not have child special rooms but we do have cribs available through a surcharge.

Yes.

Yes.

Yes, we do have a shuttle service and taxi service.

Yes.

Yes, we do try our best to provide quality services to you; if there is any other requests, kindly contact the staff.

Check at the reception.

You can check it out on your online booking reservation.

Contact the reception through phone so that they may attempt to retrieve the item.